# zharmakhan-zn.github.io

Project Name: 30 Minute Film Festival.

Concept: My group specifically had completely different approach to the film. While others have shooted videos of 2-3 minutes we were asking for consents all around the library cafe and filming random people drinking their coffee. The main goal was to show how coffee reunites people of so many different backgrounds. Also, we tried to film it with one equal arc each and everytime so that the transition would look smooth.

Theme: Since the film is mainly about coffee I took away from that and chose two main colors for my website, pink and brown colors. They matched perfectly and gave me this almost korean coffeeshop vibes. I had in mind that text will all be typed with monospace as if it was printed. In the wireframe previously I have sketched my deisgn for the website, I basically tried to recreate the design, but this time aroung with javascript, css and html. I wanted the website to be abstract, minimalistic and have touch of artistic expression, it be through fonts, pictures and color combination.

Process: Since I joined the class pretty late, actually very very late like  2 lessons ago, all this time I had to catch up really fast to get done with my website. First of all, I did the structure for my webpages linking them all together through a href function. Had to go to office hours with Professor Michael Ang to get to know how to place objects on top of each other, where I learnt about the function called z-index which allows you to  place objects backwards or forwards other ones depending on the value you give and was on a call with Instructor Jack to figure out javascript part of the website, where I had to hide 3 navigation buttons under the menu vertical hamburger button. Next step was to play with background image and background color, from the Group Session I learnt that Dev Tools and Inspection in Google Chrome is soooo useful that I did everything based on that. To be honest, i dont really know why the picture for inspo webpage got repeated over and over again, but that's the beauty of unkown and simple error gave such an abstract pattern for the layout of images that I decided to leave it like that. 
Reflection/Evaluation: I'm pretty happy with the result that I ended up with, however I'm very aware that there's a huge room for improvement. It's just that if I had more time maybe I could have improved the page about the team and would have made it more interactive perhaps. One thing to note to my future self, is to always keep in mind about how importnat it is to order properly in html file, I spent so many hours on understanding what went wrong and kinda debugging my codes. Looking forward to knowing more complex tricks on how to implement UI/UX into webdesign. Also. I wish we had more time teaching javaScript I felt it was very lacking.